Experimental burn in (#5577)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/references/experiments.mdx

## Experimental Flake Detection Features

End-to-end (E2E) tests excel at testing complex systems. However, there are
still behaviors that are hard to verify and make tests flaky (i.e., unreliable)

> and fail sometimes due to unpredictable conditions (eg., temporary outages in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and fail sometimes due to unpredictable conditions (e.g., temporary outages in
```

(like "i.e." in the previous line)

This is where burn-in comes in handy, by ensuring any new or modified test is consistently passing. If it isn't, whoever updated or added the test will discover the test's flakiness as soon as the test runs, instead of several runs later, when they have moved on to another feature or project and don't have the bandwidth to revisit this test.

When enabled, burn-in will verify all new and modified tests will pass 3 consecutive attempts on a single run.

For example, here's how burn-in would execute on a **new** test:

**Burn-in Scenario 1: New Test**

- Attempt 1: <Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> Pass
- Attempt 2: <Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> Pass
- Attempt 3: <Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> Pass

The new test has passed all 3 burn-in attempts, and therefore is **not flaky**.

#### Previously flaky or failing tests

> If a test failed in a previous run, you should be wary once it manages to pass. It's best to demonstrate consistently passing behavior, which is why burn-in also applies in this situation. Similarly, when a test was flaky in the previous run, they are burned-in with extra scrutiny to ensure that a passing result has overcome a previously flaky status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a test failed in a previous run, you should be wary once it manages to pass. It's best to demonstrate consistently passing behavior, which is why burn-in also applies in this situation. Similarly, when a test was flaky in the previous run, it is burned-in with extra scrutiny to ensure that a passing result has overcome a previously flaky status.
```
